h1. yerSlider

is a javascript function that allows fluid responsive slideshows using jQuery.
Watch a short "video":http://www.screenr.com/embed/qis7

This documentation is incomplete and corrupting changes still may ahead!

The script was started to personel understand all the limitations and problems I had with other slider-scripts.



h2. Roadmap

* options and themes
* touch gestures
* thumbs

* [done] csstransitions for smoth sliding
* [done] bullets
* [done] breackpoints for slidegroups
* [done] slidegroups
* [done] fluid slider

Just ask me for your needs at mail@johannheyne.de or create a new issue.



h2. Setup

h3. Basic HTML

<pre><code><div class="yerslider-wrap mysliderclass">
    <div class="yerslider-mask">
        <ul class="yerslider-slider">
            <li class="yerslider-slide">
                /* Slide Content */
            </li>
            <li class="yerslider-slide">
                /* Slide Content */
            </li>
        </ul>
    </div>
</div>
</code></pre>



h3. Loading The Script

Load the yerslider.js from the core folder. The best way is to load the script on dependecy of a slider on the page. The following script does this.

<pre><code>if ( jQuery('.mysliderclass').length > 0 ) {

    jQuery.ajax({
        url: '/assets/yerslider/core/yerslider.js',
        dataType: 'script',
        cache: true,
        async: true,
        success: function () {
            
            /* define a slider here */
        }
    });
}
</code></pre>



h3. Define A Slider

<pre><code>var myslider = new YerSlider();
myslider.init({
    sliderid: '.mysliderclass'
});
</code></pre>



h3. Load the Slider Stylesheet

There is a themefolder with an default theme. Inside there is the stylesheet with basic styles. Just copy the theme and make your additions to the styles. Then load the styles in the head of your html or use a preprozessor to add this to your existing basic stylesheet.



h2. Options



h3. Group Slides

<pre><code>slidegroup: 1,
slidegroupresp: {
    0: 1,
    400: 2,
    800: 3
},
</code></pre>



h3. Slidegap

<pre><code>slidegap: 0,</code></pre>



h3. Previous & Next Button

<pre><code>nextbtn: true,
prevbtn: true,</code></pre>



h3. Previous & Next Add Class

<pre><code>nextclassadd: '',
prevclassadd: '',</code></pre>



h3. Bullets

<pre><code>bullets: false,</code></pre>

h3. Animation Speed

<pre><code>animationspeed: 1000,</code></pre>



h3. Animation Type

<pre><code>animationtype: 'ease',</code></pre>

Options: ease, ease-in-out, ease-in, ease-out, linear



h3. Loop

<pre><code>loop: 'none',</code></pre>

Options: none, appending, rollback, from-first



h3. Autoplay

<pre><code>autoplay: false,</code></pre>



h3. Autoplay Interval

<pre><code>autoplayinterval: 3,</code></pre>



h3. Autoplay Interval

<pre><code>autoplayinterval: 3,</code></pre>



h3. Time for fading slides in on sliderload

<pre><code>showslidestime: 1000,</code></pre>



h3. Video Embed

<pre><code>videoembed: 'onload',</code></pre>

Options: onload, viewport

<code>viewport</code> 
The video is embedding, if the slide slides in the viewport and will removed, if the slide slides out of the viewport.



h3. Video Embed Groups before

Define the amount of groups in distance to the viewport, the video should be embeded or removed.

<pre><code>videoembedgroupsbefore: 0,</code></pre>



h3. YouTube

<pre><code>youtubeparam: '?rel=1&autoplay=0&showinfo=0',
youtubeurl: 'http://www.youtube.com/embed/{code}{param}',
youtubehtml: '<iframe width="{width}" height="{height}" src="{url}" frameborder="no"></iframe>',
</code></pre>

<pre><code><li class="yerslider-slide">
    <div class="yerslider-video" data-video-type="youtube" data-video-code="KaOC9danxNo" data-video-width="320" data-video-height="180">
	    <iframe width="320" height="180" src="http://www.youtube.com/embed/KaOC9danxNo?rel=1&autoplay=0&showinfo=0" frameborder="no"></iframe>
    </div>
</li>
</code></pre>



h3. Vimeo

<pre><code>vimeoparam: '?byline=0&amp;portrait=0&amp;autoplay=0',
vimeourl: 'http://player.vimeo.com/video/{code}{param}',
vimeohtml: '<iframe width="{width}" height="{height}" src="{url}" frameborder="no" webkitAllowFullScreen mozallowfullscreen allowFullScreen></iframe>',
</code></pre>



h3. Scroll Top

Scrolls the page to the given distance from top <code>scrolltopval:</code> with the speed of <code>scrolltopspeed:</code>

<pre><code>scrolltop: false,
scrolltopval: 0,
scrolltopspeed: 500,</code></pre>